README.md, before:

# Hi, I’m Raphael Bihag 👋 
—a Data Science student at UP Mindanao passionate about using technology for good. I enjoy working with real-world data—cleaning it up, finding patterns, and turning it into visualizations and insights that matter.

***

# Projects

## 🐍 Python
| Project Link | Area | Project Description | Libraries |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 🌾 [Agriculture Crop Yield Analysis](https://github.com/rxphaelbihag/Python-Data-Analysis-Case-Studies/blob/main/Agriculture%20Crop%20Yield%20Analysis.ipynb) | Data Wrangling & EDA | In this analysis, we aim to answer a few research questions regarding agricultural yields to demonstrate how data science is a vital tool for this generation's scientific endeavors. | pandas, scipy, matplotlib/seaborn |
| 🍃 [Air Quality Analysis Philippines](https://github.com/rxphaelbihag/Python-Data-Analysis-Case-Studies/blob/main/Air%20Quality%20Philippines.ipynb) | Data Wrangling & EDA | This notebook uses real and validated climate data from Project CCHAIN to answer a few reseach research questions primarily about the air quality of the Philippines. This is to demonstrate how data science is key in understanding the conditions of the climate to aid initiatives like climate action. | pandas, scipy, matplotlib/seaborn, statsmodels |

***

## 📃 SQL
| Project Link | Area of Analysis | Project Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 🥗 [Week #1: Danny's Diner](https://github.com/rxphaelbihag/SQL-Data-With-Danny/tree/main/Case%20Study%20%231%20Danny's%20Diner) | Data analysis, data cleaning, data transformation | This is the first week of Danny's 8 Week SQL Challenge. This week shows solutions to the case study questions where Danny wants to use the data to answer a few simple questions about his customers, especially about their visiting patterns, how much money they’ve spent, and also which menu items are their favourite. |
| 🍕 [Week #2: Pizza Runner](https://github.com/rxphaelbihag/SQL-Data-With-Danny/tree/main/Case%20Study%20%232%20Pizza%20Runner) | Data analysis, data cleaning, data transformation | This is an ongoing project. |

***

# 🔗 Connect with me!
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/raphaelbihag/)

Commit message:

Add Linear Programming section to README
Added a section on Linear Programming with project details.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I’m Raphael Bihag 👋 
—a Data Science student at UP Mindanao passionate about using technology for good. I enjoy working with real-world data—cleaning it up, finding patterns, and turning it into visualizations and insights that matter.

***

# Projects

## 🐍 Python
| Project Link | Area | Project Description | Libraries |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 🌾 [Agriculture Crop Yield Analysis](https://github.com/rxphaelbihag/Python-Data-Analysis-Case-Studies/blob/main/Agriculture%20Crop%20Yield%20Analysis.ipynb) | Data Wrangling & EDA | In this analysis, we aim to answer a few research questions regarding agricultural yields to demonstrate how data science is a vital tool for this generation's scientific endeavors. | pandas, scipy, matplotlib/seaborn |
| 🍃 [Air Quality Analysis Philippines](https://github.com/rxphaelbihag/Python-Data-Analysis-Case-Studies/blob/main/Air%20Quality%20Philippines.ipynb) | Data Wrangling & EDA | This notebook uses real and validated climate data from Project CCHAIN to answer a few reseach research questions primarily about the air quality of the Philippines. This is to demonstrate how data science is key in understanding the conditions of the climate to aid initiatives like climate action. | pandas, scipy, matplotlib/seaborn, statsmodels |

***

## 📃 SQL
| Project Link | Area of Analysis | Project Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 🥗 [Week #1: Danny's Diner](https://github.com/rxphaelbihag/SQL-Data-With-Danny/tree/main/Case%20Study%20%231%20Danny's%20Diner) | Data analysis, data cleaning, data transformation | This is the first week of Danny's 8 Week SQL Challenge. This week shows solutions to the case study questions where Danny wants to use the data to answer a few simple questions about his customers, especially about their visiting patterns, how much money they’ve spent, and also which menu items are their favourite. |
| 🍕 [Week #2: Pizza Runner](https://github.com/rxphaelbihag/SQL-Data-With-Danny/tree/main/Case%20Study%20%232%20Pizza%20Runner) | Data analysis, data cleaning, data transformation | This is an ongoing project. |

***

## ⚙️ Linear Programming
| Project Link | Area of Analysis | Project Description |
| 📦 [Multiple Period Production-Inventory Model](https://github.com/rxphaelbihag/Linear-Programming/blob/main/Production_Inventory_Optimization.ipynb) | Supply Chain Optimization | The notebook provides a comprehensive solution to a multiple period production-inventory optimization problem taken from Operations Research: An Introduction (10th ed.) by Taha, H. (2017). This is aimed at minimizing total costs over a six-month horizon. By balancing fluctuating monthly production costs against a fixed $8 monthly inventory holding cost per unit, the model determines an optimal schedule that meets specific delivery contracts for windows. This implements the solution using both the PuLP and SciPy Python libraries. |

# 🔗 Connect with me!
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/raphaelbihag/)
